man/cabal-rpm.1.md, before:

% CABAL-RPM(1)
% Jens Petersen
% 2012-09-24

# NAME
cabal-rpm - generates RPM .spec files from Cabal packages

# SYNOPSIS
cabal-rpm [*options*] [*path-or-pkg*]

# DESCRIPTION
Cabal-rpm generates RPM .spec files from Haskell Cabal package.

If no *path-or-pkg* is specified, cabal-rpm looks for a .cabal file
in the current directory.  Otherwise, it will look for *path-or-pkg*.
If the argument is a directory then it will look there for a .cabal file.
If the argument is a path to .cabal file then it will use it.
Otherwise if there is no '/' in the argument then cabal-rpm
will try to unpack the package into the current directory and use
its .cabal file.

Cabal-rpm then parses the above specified .cabal file and
uses it to generate a .spec file that can be built.


# OPTIONS
-h
:   Show the help text.

--name *NAME*
:   Override the RPM package name to be *NAME*

-f *FLAGS*
: Override one or more Cabal build configuration flags.

--release=*RELEASE*
: Override the release number in the .spec file.

-v *N*
: Set verbosity to *N*.

--version=*VERSION*
: Override the version number in the .spec file.

# EXAMPLES
Create a .spec file for the Cabal src package in current directory:

    cabal-rpm

Create a .spec file for package (directory or package name):
 
    cabal-rpm [package]

Create a .spec file for package-version (directory or package name):

    cabal-rpm [package-version]

Create a .spec file for a .cabal file:

    cabal-rpm path/to/some.cabal

# HISTORY
Cabal-rpm was originally written by Bryan O'Sullivan in 2007-2008
and resurrected by Jens Petersen in 2012 to replace cabal2spec.

# SEE ALSO
<http://github.com/juhp/cabal-rpm/>

Commit message:

manpage: document the new tarball support and use of a temp dir

man/cabal-rpm.1.md, after:

% CABAL-RPM(1)
% Jens Petersen
% 2012-09-24

# NAME
cabal-rpm - generates RPM .spec files from Cabal packages

# SYNOPSIS
cabal-rpm [*options*] [*path-or-pkg*]

# DESCRIPTION
Cabal-rpm generates RPM .spec files from Haskell Cabal package.

If no *path-or-pkg* is specified, cabal-rpm looks for a .cabal file
in the current directory.  Otherwise, it will look for *path-or-pkg*.
If the argument is a directory then it will look there for a .cabal file.
If the argument is a path to a .cabal or .tar.gz file then it will use it.
Otherwise if there is no '/' in the argument and it does not exist
then cabal-rpm will try to unpack the package and use its .cabal file.
Cabal-rpm uses a temporary directory for unpackaging tarballs or packages.

Cabal-rpm then parses the above specified .cabal file and
uses it to generate a .spec file that can be built.


# OPTIONS
-h
:   Show the help text.

--name *NAME*
:   Override the RPM package name to be *NAME*

-f *FLAGS*
: Override one or more Cabal build configuration flags.

--release=*RELEASE*
: Override the release number in the .spec file.

-v *N*
: Set verbosity to *N*.

--version=*VERSION*
: Override the version number in the .spec file.

# EXAMPLES
Create a .spec file for the Cabal src package in current directory:

    cabal-rpm

Create a .spec file for package (directory or package name):
 
    cabal-rpm [package]

Create a .spec file for package-version (directory or package name):

    cabal-rpm [package-version]

Create a .spec file for a .cabal file:

    cabal-rpm path/to/some.cabal

Create a .spec file from a tarball:

    cabal-rpm path/to/pkg-ver.tar.gz

# HISTORY
Cabal-rpm was originally written by Bryan O'Sullivan in 2007-2008
and resurrected by Jens Petersen in 2012 to replace cabal2spec.

# SEE ALSO
<http://github.com/juhp/cabal-rpm/>
